Rewrite into `try-expressions` (#53)
arthurfiorette/proposal-safe-assignment-operator: README.md

} catch {}
```

> A detailed discussion about this topic is available at [GitHub Issue #13](https://github.com/arthurfiorette/try-expressions/issues/13) for those interested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A detailed discussion about this topic is available at [GitHub Issue #13](https://github.com/arthurfiorette/proposal-safe-assignment-operator/issues/13) for those interested.
```

Author: I'll be renaming this repo when this gets merged

<br />

## The Need for an `ok` Value

The idea of `throw x` doing _anything_ other than throwing `x` is inherently flawed. Wrapping the `error` in an object disregards this principle and introduces unnecessary ambiguity.

Consider the following pseudocode, which might seem harmless but is actually risky:

```js
function doWork() {
  if (check) {
    throw createException(Errors.SOMETHING_WENT_WRONG)
  }

  return work()
}

const [error, data] = try doWork()

if (!error) {
  user.send(data)
}
```

There is no guarantee that `createException` always returns an exception. For example, someone could mistakenly write `throw null` or `throw undefined`, both of which are valid but undesired JavaScript code.

Even though such cases are uncommon, they can occur. The `ok` value is crucial to mitigate these runtime risks effectively.

> For a more in-depth explanation of this decision, refer to [GitHub Issue #30](https://github.com/arthurfiorette/try-expressions/issues/30).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more in-depth explanation of this decision, refer to [GitHub Issue #30](https://github.com/arthurfiorette/proposal-safe-assignment-operator/issues/30).
```
